Other Files/README.md, before:

# This is where we're sticking our 
* Notes 
* Pictures
* Work in Progress

  
##  
## Some notes about our project:
* Due to some Git issues we often found it easiest to work on the project seperately and then bring any completed code to the team meeting to be compared, compiled, and commited from a single computer. 
* 


##   
## These are all of the notes I could find:

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_163643.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_163704.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_180035.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_180045.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132140.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132143.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132458.jpg)

![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170530_162021.jpg)

Commit message:

Info added for each photo

Other Files/README.md, after:

# This is where we're sticking our 
* Notes 
* Pictures
* Work in Progress

  
##  
## Some notes about our project:
* Due to some Git issues we often found it easiest to work on the project seperately and then bring any completed code to the team meeting to be compared, compiled, and commited from a single computer. 


##   
## Here are some pictures I took!
I found it easiest to take notes from team meetings with my phone.

![original layout](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_163643.jpg)
This was our first plan for the screen and data flow.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_163704.jpg)
Initially "special" one time events and "normal" repeating everyday events were going to be seperate classes.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_180035.jpg)
The data types to be found in our event class.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170509_180045.jpg)
An extra picture (I think) to be sure I got a clear shot.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132140.jpg)
A more in depth look of how to arrange our array list of events.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132143.jpg)
A spare shot in case anything was blurry.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170525_132458.jpg)
A cleaner view of how we intended to instantiate our array list of events.
  
  
![notes](https://github.com/codemasa/422Project2/blob/master/Other%20Files/20170530_162021.jpg)
A diagram of how we would progress through the activities in the Android app and what info we would collect at each stage.
